# pyrogons-archive-manager
A simple tool to archive youtube channels using the YT-DLP package

This is Pyrogon's Youtube Archiver.
This bash script utilizes yt-dlp to easily archive and manage youtubers.
You need the yt-dlp package for this script to work.
To run the script you need to open a terminal and execute the command by typing
$ ./archive_manager.sh

The script should just automatically run, if it bugs you about elevated privileges, make it executable by typing the following
$ chmod +x archive_manager.sh

Archive manager downloads videos at 720p, and 1080p using the h.264 .mp4 encoder. You can also just
download at best available resolution in which yt-dlp will automatically select the best format and encoder for
the highest resolution.

Directories.txt contains the list of youtubers that you have archived, do not modify or delete this file
or you run the risk of fucking the whole thing up.

When you archive a new youtuber a folder is generated with the youtubers username defined by the user.
Archive.txt and update.sh is automatically generated.
Archive.txt provides yt-dlp a list of previously downloaded URL's to prevent duplicate downloads
update.sh is automatically generated by archive_manager.sh with defined peramiters defined by the user
Do not modify these files or you run the risk of fucking it up.


IMPORTANT IMPORTANT IMPORTANT IMPORTANT
---------------------------------------
The youtube channel URL is not the one displayed through your web browsers URL (fucking stupid)
To get the real channel URL use this website

https://www.streamweasels.com/tools/youtube-channel-id-and-user-id-convertor/
---------------------------------------
IMPORTANT IMPORTANT IMPORTANT IMPORTANT

Wanna run this in Windows? Just use Windows Subsystem For Linux!

Happy archiving, feel free to modify and redistribute.
